[DOCS-7528] adding support for ASM Single step (#22371)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/security/application_security/enabling/tracing_libraries/threat_detection/_index.md

---
title: Enabling ASM Threat Detection using Datadog Tracing Libraries
kind: documentation
type: multi-code-lang
further_reading:
- link: "/security/application_security/"
  tag: "Documentation"
  text: "Protect against Threats with Datadog Application Security Management"
- link: "/security/application_security/enabling/compatibility/"
  tag: "Documentation"
  text: "Programming Language and Framework Compatibility"
- link: "/security/application_security/add-user-info/"
  tag: "Documentation"
  text: "Tracking user activity"
- link: "/security/default_rules/#cat-application-security"
  tag: "Documentation"
  text: "OOTB Application Security Management Rules"
- link: "/security/application_security/troubleshooting"
  tag: "Documentation"
  text: "Troubleshooting Application Security Management"
- link: "/security/application_security/how-appsec-works/"
  tag: "Documentation"
  text: "How Application Security Management Works in Datadog"
- link: "https://www.datadoghq.com/blog/secure-serverless-applications-with-datadog-asm/"
  tag: "Blog"
  text: "Secure serverless applications with Datadog ASM"
---

> Select your application language for details on how to implement these steps for your language and infrastructure types.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Select your application language for details on how to enable ASM Thread Detection for your language and infrastructure types.
```
